Add `consistent-date-clone` rule (#2544)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/consistent-date-clone.md

> # Prefer pass `Date` directly to the constructor when cloning a `Date`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prefer passing `⁠Date` objects to the constructor when cloning
```
